Add Github PR and Issue templates (#89)
Shopify/rbi-central: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ### Type of Change
> <!-- Select the option that best reflect your changes -->
> <!-- If it's "Other", provide additional detail -->
> - [ ] Add RBI for a new gem
> - [ ] Modify RBI for an existing gem
> - [ ] Other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Type of Change

<!-- Select the option that best reflect your changes -->

- [ ] Add RBI for a new gem
- [ ] Modify RBI for an existing gem
- [ ] Other: <!-- provide additional information -->
```

> ### Motivation

Reviewer: I don't think this template applies for this repo.

What we're interested in when someone pushes a new RBI is the following:

* What is the gem being pushed?
* Where can we find the source code of this gem?
* Where can we find the api documentation of this gem?

If it's a change to an existing gem:

* What was the problem before the change?
* Can the problem be shown with an example or a sorbet.run?
* If you're adding/removing a definition, what is the change in the gem upstream that requires a change here?

etc.

Furthermore, there is not real "implementation", it's just a RBI file and the tests are automated, nothing to push here either.
